🌐 Translate Operator (#112)
Glutexo/onigumo: README.md

### Operator ###

The Operator determines URL addresses for the Downloader. A Spider is responsible for adding the URLs, which it gets from the parsed form of the data provided by the Parser.

The Operator’s job is to:

1. initialize a Spider,

> 2. check for the existence of a new URL list,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. check for the existence of a new URLs,
```

Author: The original version mentions URL lists (“seznam nových URL“), as in files with the .urls extension. That’s why I kept it in the translation.
The suggestion is grammatically incorrect. A plural “URLs” does not conform to the usage of the indefinite article “a.”

```suggestion
2. check for the existence of new URLs,
```

Why the change from the “URL lists” to “URLs”? I don’t want to merge before we resolve this dispute.

Reviewer: to not be so much specific but yes if we translate czech version then it should be keep it, deletion should be done in czech if so.

Author: I moreover think that we should delete the whole bullet point. **The Downloader** checks the existence of the files with URLs, also called URL lists.

“
1. Initialize a spider,
2. extract new URLs from structured data
”
looks more precise to me.
